Jan 11, 2026
Meeting Jan 11, 2026 at 19:07 PST - Transcript
00:00:00
 
Scott Silver: Sorry. Um I'm not used to the meeting room stuff.
Genevieve Silver: Sorry.
Scott Silver: Okay. Um so do you want to do like more just sort of some let's let's do some review and then we'll do like one or two questions then you should go to bed. So that's not good.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, that sounds good. I think I want to go like I want to start heading to bed at like 10:45 if that's
Scott Silver: All right.
Genevieve Silver: okay.
Scott Silver: Sure. Okay. Let's work on the first question. Um um give me uh thanks for your your PR. Can you just give me the elevator pitch on on it? Why should we do it?
Genevieve Silver: Okay. So um the the reason I think that we should uh do this uh notebook quick start navigator that I outlined in my purity stems from my personal experience using the product which was that while I was using it I um I got stuck in a lot of places and I um I left the um page multiple times and from this I realized that um the amount of friction in the user experience um was likely creating a lot of um free trial users to click off the app and not use data bricks again.
 
 
00:01:35
 
Genevieve Silver: And therefore I think that we should improve the Nobel click start experience because um I believe that making this process a lot more uh frictionless will um convert more first-time trial users to full-time paying users. Um and next I'd like to get a little bit into exactly the problems that I s that I um saw. So the first was that when I was doing the quick start, the instructions were embedded directly into the notebook. And so as I was trying to follow those instructions, I would get lost and then I would need to go find them. And that made it very hard to follow the instructions. And then the second thing was that um the directions never told me when I had completed a step. And when I got stuck, it was very hard to ask for help or to figure out um what the next step was. And so um I proposed in my PRD that we solve these problems in in two ways. The first is to create a onboarding assistant um that lives above the rest of the UI which um will solve the first problem of um not being able to see the instructions and the notebook at the same time.
 
 
00:02:52
 
Genevieve Silver: The second is a have this assistant track progress and um tell users when they've completed a step and also give them uh UI context clues um when they need help. Um and I think this will help guide the user um in these moments of friction when they're still trying to learn how to use this app uh to use this um notebook. And lastly, I'll say is that I think that if we implement these changes, um, more users will be able to complete the notebook quick start and are more likely to become full-time paying trial users.
Scott Silver: Okay, good. Um, and tell me um um let's say you started at data bricks in two weeks and you had this idea. How would you evaluate whether it's a good thing? How would you assess whether it's working?
Genevieve Silver: whether my idea is working. Um I I would I would look at two things. The first is if I had access to the data, I I'd want to verify whether like my thesis like that this problem is actually a problem.
 
 
00:04:20
 
Genevieve Silver: So I'd want to understand like whether users were actually dropping off um during different steps in this onboarding process. And then I think the second thing is I'd want to um I could like maybe like vibe code like an MVP of this product and just test it out on some people and see like whether or not it actually would make the experience uh less frictionless.
Scott Silver: Okay. And um and what happened what would happen if you let's say that you did it and you found out that actually it only um it it only positively impacted your metrics instead of the 15% you were thinking about it made them go to like 5%. What would you do? Would you cancel the project?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, I think I think there's two directions we could go in. The first would be I just want to understand like what group of people does that 5% represent? Because if it's um if it's a 5% lift in a target demographic, then that's actually really good. Um but if it's like unifor uniformly distributed across users, then um that statistic is a lot less meaningful.
 
 
00:05:40
 
Genevieve Silver: And so then I'd really just want to do like a costbenefit analysis of like whether the cost of like um building this product and I'd want to talk to engineers about the complexity of the code um and also talk to like the go to market um strategy folks about um you know how expensive it is to market this thing and um just understand like whether those costs outweigh the benefits of um implementing these changes.
Scott Silver: Okay. Okay, so let's stop. Um, there's only one thing that you said that didn't make a whole lot of sense, which was you said, well, if it's 5% in one group, then that might be really good. I think what you really needed to say was was 5% on and on on average could mean that some groups saw a much bigger lift and that's what you'd want to look at.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, that's what I meant.
Scott Silver: Okay, that's not what you said.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: So, so okay. So,
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: just like in your head it's like well 5% is a is a summary statistic but we should look at the distribution like it like
 
 
00:06:42
 
Genevieve Silver: Yes. Yes.
Scott Silver: try to say something like that that way.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah. Like distribution. Yeah, I understand. That's what I was thinking in my head,
Scott Silver: Okay. Yeah, I know.
Genevieve Silver: but
Scott Silver: I know. You got to really say it. Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: Um Okay. And then you started off the the elevator pitch conversation with like you looked at me like like a deer in headlights. So just remember like some of the social cues stuff which is like okay like uh all
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: right let me think about the question. I'm going to try to think of an elevator pitch. Give me a minute. Okay. And then do it. Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: Just just because otherwise you're sort of wondering like what what is she doing?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: having an aneurysm or something. So, um um okay.
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: So, now um let's let's switch gears to Excuse me.
 
 
00:07:38
 
Scott Silver: Um okay. Um tell me um tell me a product you use and how you would improve it.
Genevieve Silver: That's a good question. Um, the product um that I use a lot is the Remarkable. Um, if you haven't used one, it's this like e- in um lightweight device that allows you to take notes and um the like key feature of the product is that all those notes um get uploaded to the cloud. Um and there are like three main use cases I would say for it. Um the first is if you want to like you can download um say like a document and then annotate that document. Um the second is um you just want to create an empty sheet and like take notes. Um, and the third is um, like you can like create a template like a calendar template and fill that in. Um, and and there are a few there are a few things that I'd want to improve about it. I would say three. The first is um very like lowhanging fruit, but it's nitpicky, which is that um you can annotate with color and um those colors don't match the um like colors that are uploaded in the like computer version of it.
 
 
00:09:08
 
Genevieve Silver: So like it might be like a like soft yellow when I'm um drawing it on the actual pad, but then in the cloud it's like neon um neon yellow. And so I think this would just I I think like one of the things that makes this nice this device nice is that like what you put on the paper is what you see on the screen. And so just like fixing that seems like some lowhanging fruit. The second thing that I'd want to um improve is to have a like side byside um feature where you could like take notes like have a split screen where you could take notes on one side and have your document that you are reading on the other. I think this would really help students in particular. Um, and the third is this is more of like a moonshot idea, like what if we could have like a like AI live notes document and so as you're writing it would help you organize your ideas and maybe complete your thoughts and I think that could really improve the user experience as well.
 
 
00:10:18
 
Scott Silver: And what is what does it mean to complete your thoughts? Like what what what problem are you trying to solve there? Like why like what's what's really happening?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah. So like especially as a student, I think one example is like the lecturer is talking and before I can finish my thought, I have to move on to the next thing because the lecture is saying something else. And so um I'm thinking about in like a math class, I'm writing down a theorem and then the teacher moves on to the next thing. Um maybe this um AI could recognize the theorem and just finish writing it out um so that I can get to the next
Scott Silver: Do you think that that would would take away from the idea that writing is learning?
Genevieve Silver: note.
Scott Silver: And so I mean like how is that distinct from a transcription service? Like what do you think that that really is going to help you? You you know most people say that they're taking notes so they could really take it in and put it in their own words.
 
 
00:11:14
 
Scott Silver: And so do you think that having an AI do it will take away from that?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, that's a good question. I think it's um I think it's more of I think it's more of a a question of like the level of completion. I agree with you that like if you just write like the fundamental theorem of calculus off the top of my brain and then it fills it in, then you're like missing a key learning moment. Um, but if it could like complete if there's like a few um words at the end of like the proof that you didn't get to say like I think that that's that that would be a good use because um like we write to learn and that's and I think this in this scenario like you need to move on to the next thing and so you you wouldn't be able to finish your thought and so I think that that would be very helpful.
Scott Silver: Mhm. Okay, let's pause for a moment. Is that what we came up with last time?
 
 
00:12:10
 
Scott Silver: What What did you come up with for the remarkable? Do I remember the color thing? Didn't we come up with something else that was different? N AI
Genevieve Silver: It was like No, it was like complete your notes and then like also helps you like organize your notes.
Scott Silver: or
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: Okay. What do you think about less about helping you take notes, but like something that quizzes you on the notes that you're taking? So, so like it actually helps you understand whether you understand what you wrote down.
Genevieve Silver: like but it would quiz you on the
Scott Silver: Like you basically could like tap a a thing and say,
Genevieve Silver: pad.
Scott Silver: "Hey, I just took these notes. Can you test whether my understanding of the knowledge of
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, I think that's a good idea,
Scott Silver: this
Genevieve Silver: too. I just like I don't really see why that I guess it's like because I could do that. I could just put it into Gemini and like have it do that, but I guess it's like nice that it's in embedded in thing.
 
 
00:13:09
 
Scott Silver: integration?" Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: Okay. Yeah.
Scott Silver: Um yeah. Okay.
Genevieve Silver: I guess I guess maybe you could make some argument like if it's doing that on the pad then it's forcing you like when you're writing the
Scott Silver: Um
Genevieve Silver: answers down to hand write them down which is like that um brain uh I think that's what's unique about what the
Scott Silver: yeah,
Genevieve Silver: remarkable could add to that experience which would be different than okay I think that's a good idea
Scott Silver: yeah, yeah. Okay. Um um if you what what features would you add to the remarkable to make it to improve sales? If what's your gut? Like what what's what's what's do you think is like how would you change what do you think is holding back the remarkables um success? Like why doesn't everyone have a remarkable and everyone has notebook?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, I I I actually think that this is a really good question.
Scott Silver: f***.
Genevieve Silver: I've asked myself this because I think it's a great product.
 
 
00:14:28
 
Genevieve Silver: Um and and what I would say is that I think the key um the moment where you realize it's valuable is the moment you try using the product. What makes it truly remarkable um as is the name is like putting the pen to the paper and realizing oh my gosh this is the same this like I'm getting the tactile feedback of writing on a piece of paper but then suddenly it's getting uploaded automatically to the cloud and I don't have to like deal with organiz disorganized um like pieces of paper but it's like it's that moment where you're like touching it on the screen and and actually like I have this experience in my math class all the time where people come up to me and they're like, "Oo, that looks like a cool advice. Like, I'd love to use it." And then they try it and it's wonderful. So, I think that the key problem is like there aren't enough people. It's not getting in enough hands and or when it is getting in enough hands, there's no way to sort of like capitalize on that opportunity.
 
 
00:15:26
 
Genevieve Silver: And so I what I would say would really improve sales would be to sort of have like a recommend uh sort of like a recommendation benefit to people who have the device and also um have a feature wi within the remarkable which would be like if someone asked me if they wanted to use it I could say okay starting a new page for a new user and that person could input their into it and then they could try it on try the device on their page and then that page would get sent off to their email and then the remarkable first they would have this sort of like digital postcard of this experience which would remind them of that and then the remarkable could have that contact information and use that for marketing details.
Scott Silver: Um, don't you think that the the problem of the remarkable is is that it's too expensive? Don't you think that's what holds it back?
Genevieve Silver: No, I mean I think I don't think it's too exp. It's high price, but I think that it also I guess what I would say is it feels really high price when you don't really know what you're getting.
 
 
00:16:53
 
Genevieve Silver: Um, and especially for people like a lot of it's like its main competition I would argue is like either like like a a physical pen and paper or like an iPad. So like if you already have an iPad, why do you need a remarkable? If you already need a piece of paper, why do you need and a pencil? Like why do you need a remarkable? Like it feels expensive compared to competitors. Um, and so, um, I guess I would argue that like you really don't see the value of it until you use it. And that's what makes it feel expensive. Um, and I guess I would go in another direction to say like, okay, say we can't get it into enough hands. Like maybe like maybe the magic in the device is using it, but like we can't get enough people to like try it. Um then yeah, I I I would agree that like I think that if we could make like a um smaller version of the product that would um like a more basic version of the product that would be less expensive um would help get it into more people's
 
 
00:17:55
 
Scott Silver: If you had to guess,
Genevieve Silver: hands.
Scott Silver: what's the what's the best way to lower the cost?
Genevieve Silver: I would say probably um like two things like maybe shrink the size of the device um and also um get rid of like colors or like extra fancy features. I don't think that the cost is in the software, but um I think it's more in the hardware.
Scott Silver: Okay. Um, so one thing I'll say is that the one the biggest way to improve the cost of something is usually to sell more of them. So there's a little bit of tricky business where if you produce more of them then you can you can reduce you
Genevieve Silver: Oh yeah,
Scott Silver: can getting better manufacturing and all that kind of stuff.
Genevieve Silver: like Yeah.
Scott Silver: So um anyhow um okay
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: u um Yeah, I'm thinking. I'm sorry.
Genevieve Silver: Dad.
Scott Silver: Uh I'm just trying to think of a good question. Um, why do you think people choose data bricks as opposed to like like what you know if like where where do data bricks customers come from and why do they choose data bricks?
 
 
00:20:15
 
Genevieve Silver: I think that um customers choose okay two two things. So you asked uh where do the customer customers come from and why do they choose data bricks? So where the customers come from I think is like um mostly um like software companies with lots of data. Um and what makes why they choose data bricks I think is I think is like a threefold reason. The first is they have a lot of data and they want to be able to put it all in one place um instead of having isolated data islands and um be able to query that. Um so that's the first thing and then the second is um that allows them to do a lot more efficient data analysis. Um and lastly I'm not an expert um user of data bricks. I'm a I'm a student, but for my research, um it seems like it's very efficient in allowing you to pay for the compute and storage you need and pay for it like efficiently both like time-wise and like economically. And that's why I think users come to data bricks.
 
 
00:21:41
 
Scott Silver: Okay, say it again. The reasons why they use data bricks again. Tell tell me again. Uh,
Genevieve Silver: They have a lot of data. They want to put it all in one place.
Scott Silver: yeah.
Genevieve Silver: they want to be able to access it all in one place.
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: This allows them to um instead of making copy of that data, copies of that data um running efficient analysis on it because it's all in one place
Scott Silver: Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: like and third um they're able to pay for comput and and
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: storage efficiently both in like a timebased like way and an economic way.
Scott Silver: Okay. Um, okay. So, let me just stop you and just say that the the biggest customers of data bricks are probably not software companies. The biggest customers of data bricks are like enterprises. So in some sense people have been using databases for you know since the early 70s essentially late 60s and so you're so really where data bricks is going to get its best customers.
 
 
00:22:49
 
Scott Silver: Well, certainly getting customers from, you know, new tech companies and stuff like that is is great. Actually, a lot of their their really big stuff is so-called lift and shift, which is essentially stuff people using databases that they're hosted somewhere like you like or or what's called on-rem, meaning like in their own data centers, you know, where they have Oracle databases or that kind of stuff. And so the the biggest win for them is going to be to migrate that stuff to um um to uh data bricks. The other thing is they um um um um there's they're experts at large amounts of data. Um, and so and that's like a pro like they manage it for you essentially. You don't have to worry about it. Like the database can just get as big as it needs to. Um, and so that solves a problem for them anyhow. So, but just make sure um it's like clear that their customers are
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: essentially uh, you know, lift and shift kind of customers um when you think about uh them.
 
 
00:24:06
 
Scott Silver: Does that make sense? Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: All right. So, let's switch gears to a more of a more bread and butter product management question. Um uh let's say that you are you don't really know you're you know you're not a data bricks user for real but you know that there are customers who are how would you let's say you were assigned to work on um uh the the team that's in charge of importing data into data bricks um so that people could um uh query th the those data how would you learn how would you learn what's what the pain points for those customers and um so that you can figure out how to improve the import process.
Genevieve Silver: I think that's a good question. Um I think I would go about it in I think you could go about it in three ways. So the first is you could survey your customers um and just ask like what what are
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: the what gives you trouble.
 
 
00:25:50
 
Genevieve Silver: Um, but I think that there's like also something more subtle, which is like, you know, people are going to say like maybe the more obvious things about what makes the process have a lot of friction, but I think we can learn a lot about from the data of like at what points and like what clicks and what things made the process really difficult. Um, and so I think like looking at the data and seeing like where did people um get stuck um and where did people have to re-enter and where do people have to ask for help
Scott Silver: Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: um could teach us a lot about that process. Um, and then I would say lastly, like I think there's just something worth like try, like I think as a product manager, it's really important to like try the product yourself. Like what if I just like try to stick a lot like import a lot of data into um the software and see what problems that I I I deal with. Um because I think like also just being super hands-on um is important, too.
 
 
00:26:54
 
Scott Silver: Okay, I think that's good. Um Um Did you What's your apartment address? Ariel's
Genevieve Silver: Uh 221 West
Scott Silver: asking.
Genevieve Silver: 16th Street, I think. Uh West 6 West 221
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: West. Yeah. 16th Street.
Scott Silver: Okay. Okay. So, the one thing that I I don't quite I'm not sure I got out of your answer. Maybe it's what you intended, but I think that you could probably study people. You could study the the logs. Like you could actually see people start to import and then try and then fail and then that and then you could try to see what they're getting stuck on and that might either help you identify which customers to talk to or alternatively see where they're getting stuck.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, that's what I was trying to say about like when they were like getting stuck
Scott Silver: So,
Genevieve Silver: like
Scott Silver: but what you didn't say is that you could you could observe them without actually talking to them like that you could look at the logs.
 
 
00:27:58
 
Genevieve Silver: I was saying like the data.
Scott Silver: You look at the data. Okay, that's what you meant by looking at the data. Okay. Got it. Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: All right. So, you maybe think about the word analytics or user analytics or something like that or user data.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah. Okay.
Scott Silver: Okay. Good. Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: That's a good that's a good answer. Okay. So, um and I really like the part where you tried it yourself. That's like a really good um that's a really good um answer. So,
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: that's good. Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Like
Scott Silver: Um let's see.
Genevieve Silver: Ariel just texted me.
Scott Silver: Um,
Genevieve Silver: Hey Gigi, it's Ariel, Scott's most hated bestie. Just wanted to say hi and let you know if you need anything. Let me know if you need anything.
Scott Silver: okay. Okay. Okay. So, um, think of another question.
 
 
00:28:50
 
Scott Silver: Uh, What's the deepest you got into how things like really work? Like I know you're not a software engineer, but could you tell me like how you get a sense of how things are built or like how things fit together? How do you how do you how do you figure out what's possible? How do you how do you get a feel for whether you're whether engineers are telling you the truth like in terms of how things long things will take? Like how do you manage that problem?
Genevieve Silver: So the question is like how do you figure out like what building things actually means kind of
Scott Silver: Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: like
Scott Silver: Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: I guess what I would say is as a I don't think as product manager, you're not the expert engineer in the room like, but I think it is really important to get into the details and be able to ask um the right questions to the engineers. Um, so like I would say that I I would want to think about like what are some comparable pro projects that people have worked on and I think that's one way you could get a sense of like um sort of how long something would take but also just like I think really talking to the engineers and understanding like the problems that they um are discussing and why they think they're important
 
 
00:31:37
 
Genevieve Silver: and yeah, I just think really trying to understand their perspective and and balance that with sort of the user's needs and what seems um doable. I don't know. I don't really have a good answer to that question. I don't know what the good what I could answer with that to that
Scott Silver: Okay. So I mean a good answer would be um I my exper
Genevieve Silver: question.
Scott Silver: like ideally you'd have an experience but you'd say like my experience um um is that um is that when when we talk about how something how long something will take how hard it is I my sense is is that if you can get an engineer explain to you how it works and how the pieces fit together. Often you can get a sense of what's hard about it, but also are there things that could be simplified to make the design more simple because the our shared goal of course is to build the least amount of things the the smallest thing possible that satisfies the most amount of users or customers.
 
 
00:32:53
 
Scott Silver: And so my my strategy is is just to tell me like how the pieces fit together and and like just keep asking until I understand because I think as we all know the you don't really really understand something until you can teach it to someone else. And so um and so that's really that's one of my approaches. Second thing I like to do is I like to to vibe code stuff um with like lovable or or other other tools and I like to just kind of try it out myself and see where things get
Genevieve Silver: Try that
Scott Silver: stuck and really try to appreciate the the frustration of all the like fiddly details that really matter.
Genevieve Silver: myself.
Scott Silver: Like there was this problem when I was trying to make Google login work for my my like lovable calendar free time allocator thing and I had to like like it was just so annoying because basically Google authentication wouldn't work because the popup wasn't popping up and eventually I had to kind of go through the logs and figure it out and just requires a lot of detail you know so that's the kind of answer you want to give um that make sense.
 
 
00:33:57
 
Genevieve Silver: Um
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: yeah.
Scott Silver: Okay. Let's do one last question. How does AB testing really work?
Genevieve Silver: Um I think about AB testing as like you have a control group like it's like almost like many like like uh scientific studies you have a control group and then you have um which is the A group and then the B group which is um the group where you um you know implement the changes that you want on the product and then you choose a set of statistics or metrics that you're trying to measure the difference of between um the like the users is raising in like the control group and the um test group. And and then you compare the data
Scott Silver: Okay. And then how do you how do you divide people into test and control? Like how do you how do you keep track of that? Like what's the what's the technique?
Genevieve Silver: What do you mean like how do you like I guess my initial answer is like you want to divide them.
 
 
00:35:18
 
Genevieve Silver: Um well I guess it it really depends on the question you're trying to ask but like you would want to divide them randomly in the sense that you would want to make whatever changes you're trying to make in theory you're hoping will help the most amount of people. Um I mean obviously it depends if you're like targeting a certain group then that's different.
Scott Silver: Mhm.
Genevieve Silver: Um, but you would want to basically make them randomized samples so that you're control you're trying to control for any biases in in the experiment that you're
Scott Silver: Mhm.
Genevieve Silver: running.
Scott Silver: And then like what and what what kind of um and then like what do you get like like
Genevieve Silver: Sure.
Scott Silver: give me an example of like something you might measure between test and control and then and then what you might get out of
Genevieve Silver: Yeah. Okay. So, for example, in the PRD that I wrote for the data bricks example,
Scott Silver: that.
Genevieve Silver: I proposed a um like an AI assistant onboarding um tool uh that helps users um improve the quick start notebook navigation.
 
 
00:36:26
 
Genevieve Silver: And I could see an AB test where we could look at, okay, here's our A group's control group. are just using the product that we currently have live. And then the second group we have, we're using this uh product that um I proposed this like assistant. And let's measure the um number of people who actually complete the quick start in the A group versus the B group. And we would hope that I mean the goal of the AB test would be that the Bgroup's number would be higher than the A groups.
Scott Silver: Would it be high? Like tell me a little about the math. Would it just have to be higher or like would it have to be statistically higher or what do you mean
Genevieve Silver: Like
Scott Silver: higher?
Genevieve Silver: I would think about it more as like a percentage. In the first group, maybe it's uh 50% of people complete the quick start and in the uh test group it hopefully it would be you know 60% that there would be like at least a 10%
 
 
00:37:35
 
Scott Silver: How would you know that's statistically significantly
Genevieve Silver: lift.
Scott Silver: different?
Genevieve Silver: What do you mean like
Scott Silver: Okay, you haven't done this math yet, but you should look it up tonight um before you go to bed. Um so basically um there are these tests statistical tests that allow you to tell test the difference between two samples and try to understand whether there whether the difference is
Genevieve Silver: like an R squ
Scott Silver: statistically significant meaning
Genevieve Silver: coefficient.
Scott Silver: no like something called a t test or a student t test there's all these tests you
Genevieve Silver: Oh, I've heard that they're like not good though.
Scott Silver: do no I mean
Genevieve Silver: Like I've heard that they're like really bad, right? Like I don't
Scott Silver: it's just basic math I mean basically You can look through you can look through all how all how all these tests work but basically what you're trying to do is you're trying to essentially understand how what is the likelihood that that these differences are that's right exactly.
Genevieve Silver: random versus not random.
 
 
00:38:36
 
Scott Silver: Yeah. So given that you've taken a random sample of of two populations um and
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: and you're trying to understand why they're what and what you end up with something called as a confidence interval right so what you end up with actually so like the here
Genevieve Silver: Oh, I know about like the 95% confidence interval.
Scott Silver: maybe yeah
Genevieve Silver: I learned about this in my class. Like how how sure are you that you're correct about your
Scott Silver: so right and so what you end up with is like
Genevieve Silver: thing?
Scott Silver: let's say that the completion rate for your funnel in the control was 10%. Plus or minus 3%, so it's between 7 and 13. And let's say the completion rate in your in your
Genevieve Silver: Mhm.
Scott Silver: experiment is 8% plus or minus 3%. So it's so it's between five and 11 or something like that.
Genevieve Silver: Mhm.
Scott Silver: They these two these two confidence intervals overlap. Look at the screen. Um, and so as a result, um, you can't tell that they're necessarily different.
 
 
00:39:37
 
Scott Silver: But when the two confidence intervals completely separate, then you can feel confident that even with the confidence interval, which is like the the sort of the sort of predicted values, even if all the values fell within the predicted values, they would be higher than the predicted value.
Genevieve Silver: and the ones in the lower one. Yeah,
Scott Silver: Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: that makes sense.
Scott Silver: Yeah. So that's so that's that's how you do that kind of stuff.
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: Does that make sense?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, that makes sense.
Scott Silver: Okay. So what you what you could say again if you're uncomfortable is you could say like well we would apply a statistical test to try to understand whether the the values that we got between test and control are actually different. Yeah.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: So okay 7:45 I want to let you go to bed. Uh what time's your thing?
Genevieve Silver: All right.
Scott Silver: Five o'clock tomorrow.
Genevieve Silver: 5:30.
Scott Silver: Okay. All right. Well you got this.
 
 
00:40:26
 
Genevieve Silver: I think I'm gonna do it at work because like we have these like rooms where you can take calls and lock in them.
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Um just I don't think I'm going to have enough time to leave work and be home by
Scott Silver: Okay. Yeah,
Genevieve Silver: 5:30.
Scott Silver: I wouldn't I wouldn't stress about getting home. I would I would say that you'll have good internet there as well.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: I mean,
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: you look good internet at home at your home,
Genevieve Silver: Yeah. But it's gonna be like for sure good at pinch words.
Scott Silver: but
Genevieve Silver: So that will be good. Um my first interviewer went to wash you.
Scott Silver: Okay,
Genevieve Silver: So I took WashU off my LinkedIn.
Scott Silver: he took it off.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: Okay. All right.
Genevieve Silver: Because I don't know.
Scott Silver: Why?
Genevieve Silver: I feel like it's weird that I like where' you transfer from Wu. Oh, I went there, you know.
 
 
00:41:10
 
Scott Silver: Yeah. Okay. All right. Well, okay. All right. Um, and did you look up where your what your who's your first interviewer?
Genevieve Silver: That's the one from Washu.
Scott Silver: What's her name or their name?
Genevieve Silver: Um, I got to look it up. Um, Kristen Wilder.
Scott Silver: K R.
Genevieve Silver: I sen Wilder like W I L D E R.
Scott Silver: Okay. Oh, look. Splunk has product management interns because that's where she was. That's interesting.
Genevieve Silver: You know who worked there is um Winston's
Scott Silver: That's funk.
Genevieve Silver: mom.
Scott Silver: Yeah, that's right. Let's see. It doesn't say okay here. Um, you should read her thing. Look. Um, GG. This is what she works on there. So, you should go look up what she actually works on.
Genevieve Silver: Where do you see
Scott Silver: I searched the internet and I found out that she works,
Genevieve Silver: that?
Scott Silver: it says, "Hi, I'm a product manager on the Unity catalog team who specializes in discovery and governance experiences. I love I I love here." She means I love here in San Francisco and love hiking,
 
 
00:42:48
 
Scott Silver: skiing, and reading during my free time. pretty good. And so you should you should watch her see if she did a session. Watch her session. Looks like you can download it.
Genevieve Silver: What is the unilogon catalog?
Scott Silver: I don't know. It's a good thing to ask Google.
Genevieve Silver: Um.
Scott Silver: What is the Unity catalog at? What's the next person?
Genevieve Silver: Um.
Scott Silver: The Unity catalog is a unified governance layer for all data and AI assets, files, tables, and models, providing centralized metadata management, fine grade access, and control, automated lineage, and discovery across multiple clouds and workspaces. Centralized control for data and AI assets uses standard SQL to grant permission at table, row, and column level. Okay. So in English um the you remember how we said like you might have different tables or you might have different files or um machine learning models that are available.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: Um so those are assets. Um and um and so then you would want to give access to people um to those assets.
 
 
00:44:04
 
Scott Silver: But you might not want to give access to the whole table. you might only want to give access to certain columns in the table. Like you can read like the you can read the what they bought but you can't read their name because it's PII or something like that. It's privately identifiable information.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: Does that make sense?
Genevieve Silver: Yeah,
Scott Silver: So yeah.
Genevieve Silver: that makes sense.
Scott Silver: So basically the idea is is that um these um this basically the the idea of a catalog is there's one place where you can find out all the tables that are available in the whole system. So that's really useful because then you can find all the data and you can find out information about them and what each column means and what each row means and all that kind of stuff and then what you can do is you can then give access to like oh you can have only access to these rows like the rows that are like in California because you're just you know because you can only rows that are in the US because you can't access data this these data outside of Europe or something like that.
 
 
00:44:58
 
Scott Silver: So that's what she works on. Does that does that make sense? So um and governance is that fancy word for like the company wrote down some rules
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: like only people from the US can access these tables. Only people from China can access these tables. Only people from Europe can access these tables. Only people with this level of access can see the social security numbers or something like that.
Genevieve Silver: I
Scott Silver: Okay. So that's that. Okay. Who's your next person? Let's see. Uh Jason
Genevieve Silver: understand.
Scott Silver: Messer data bricks. Okay. He's in Seattle. He went to BYU. Okay. He's a Mormon.
Genevieve Silver: Oh, yeah. I just saw his face.
Scott Silver: He works on the SQL editor. He just launched that four months ago. So, go take a look at what he did. Sideby-side editing, real-time collaboration. That's great. It makes it so much better for everyone.
 
 
00:46:09
 
Scott Silver: So, SQL is the query language. You know that, right? Okay. And then Alex Lyken.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: Let's see. Data bricks. This is great. Love it. They gave you this stuff. Okay, so this guy has written a ton of stuff. Um, he's written about dashboards, all sorts of stuff. So like you know like a d and like what's cool he's writing about how you can make a dashboard and then you can you can like externalize it and just like dump it into a website and so it's like magical and makes a beautiful table and all that kind of stuff. You should read through all these things that they do. This is cool.
Genevieve Silver: Okay.
Scott Silver: Yeah. Good. Yeah. This is great. AI assisted BI. BI is business intelligence by the way.
Genevieve Silver: Oh yeah,
Scott Silver: Did you learn that yet or no? I don't know.
Genevieve Silver: I know what that is.
Scott Silver: This guy went to pen.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah.
Scott Silver: Huh. It's crappy. Okay. All right. So, this look good. So, let me know.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah,
Scott Silver: So, study what they do.
Genevieve Silver: I hope it's okay.
Scott Silver: Okay. What's that?
Genevieve Silver: What?
Scott Silver: Study what they do.
Genevieve Silver: What?
Scott Silver: Study what they do.
Genevieve Silver: Yeah, I will.
Scott Silver: Okay.
Genevieve Silver: Um, Yep.
 
 
Transcription ended after 00:48:10

This editable transcript was computer generated and might contain errors. People can also change the text after it was created.
